README.md, before:

# vue-agile

> Carousel component for Vue.js inspired by [Slick](https://github.com/kenwheeler/slick/).<br>
> More powerfull with each version, touch-friendly, written in Vue and Vanilla JS (without jQuery dependency).

**[Demo & examples](https://lukaszflorczak.github.io/vue-agile/)**

🤝 Thanks to [Maciej Wach](https://github.com/wachu91) for inventing the name, testing and motivation.

## Installation

``` bash
yarn add vue-agile
```

or

``` bash
npm install vue-agile
```

## Usage
``` js
import Vue from 'vue'
import VueAgile from 'vue-agile'

Vue.use(VueAgile)
```
``` vue
<template>
    <main>
        <agile>
            <div class="slide">
                <h3>slide 1</h3>
            </div>
            
            ...
            
            <div class="slide">
                <h3>slide n</h3>
            </div>
        </agile>
    </main>
</template>
```

Every first-level child of `<agile>` is a new slide.

## Options
| Parameter | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| arrows | boolean | `true` | Enable prev/next arrows |
| autoplay | boolean | `false` | Enable autoplay |
| autoplaySpeed | integer (ms) | `3000` | Autoplay interval in milliseconds | 
| dots | boolean | `true` | Enable dot indicators/pagination |
| fade | boolean | `false` | Enable fade effect |
| infinite | boolen | `true` | Infinite loop sliding | 
| pauseOnHover | boolean | `true` | Pause autoplay when a slide is hovered |
| pauseOnDotsHover | boolean | `false` | Pause autoplay when a dot is hovered |
| speed | integer (ms) | `300` | Slide animation speed in milliseconds | 
| timing | string | `ease` | Transition timing function <br> (`linear`/`ease`/`ease-in`/`ease-out`/`ease-in-out`) |

### Example

``` vue
<agile :arrows="false" :dots="false" :infinite="false">
    ...
</agile>
```

## SSR Support

The component uses browser specific attributes (like `window` and `document`). It is necessary, so probably the only option is to run vue-agile only on the client-side. It was tested on [nuxt v1.0.0-rc7](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt.js/releases/tag/v1.0.0-rc7) and works fine.
 
### Example
```js
// plugins/vue-agile.js

import Vue from 'vue'
import VueAgile from 'vue-agile'

Vue.component('agile', VueAgile)
```

```js
// nuxt.config.js

module.exports = {
    plugins: [
        { src: '~/plugins/vue-agile', ssr: false }
    ]
}
```

```vue
<no-ssr placeholder="Loading...">
    <agile>
        ... 
    </agile>
</no-ssr>
```

PS. If you know a better way to work the component with SSR please, [let me know about it](https://github.com/lukaszflorczak/vue-agile/issues).

## Contributing
```
# install dependencies
yarn install
 
# serve with hot reload at localhost:8080
yarn run dev
 
# create UMD bundle.
yarn run bundle
```

Commit message:

prevArrow, nextArrow and better arrow positioning (fixed #30)

README.md, after:

# vue-agile

> Carousel component for Vue.js inspired by [Slick](https://github.com/kenwheeler/slick/).<br>
> More powerfull with each version, touch-friendly, written in Vue and Vanilla JS (without jQuery dependency).

**[Demo & examples](https://lukaszflorczak.github.io/vue-agile/)**

🤝 Thanks to [Maciej Wach](https://github.com/wachu91) for inventing the name, testing and motivation.

## Installation

``` bash
yarn add vue-agile
```

or

``` bash
npm install vue-agile
```

## Usage
``` js
import Vue from 'vue'
import VueAgile from 'vue-agile'

Vue.use(VueAgile)
```
``` vue
<template>
    <main>
        <agile>
            <div class="slide">
                <h3>slide 1</h3>
            </div>
            
            ...
            
            <div class="slide">
                <h3>slide n</h3>
            </div>
        </agile>
    </main>
</template>
```

Every first-level child of `<agile>` is a new slide.

## Options
| Parameter | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| arrows | boolean | `true` | Enable prev/next arrows |
| prevArrow | string (HTML/SVG) | `<svg>` | Prev arrow code – more in „Arrows” section |
| nextArrow | string (HTML/SVG) | `<svg>` | Next arrow code – more in „Arrows” section |
| autoplay | boolean | `false` | Enable autoplay |
| autoplaySpeed | integer (ms) | `3000` | Autoplay interval in milliseconds | 
| dots | boolean | `true` | Enable dot indicators/pagination |
| fade | boolean | `false` | Enable fade effect |
| infinite | boolen | `true` | Infinite loop sliding | 
| pauseOnHover | boolean | `true` | Pause autoplay when a slide is hovered |
| pauseOnDotsHover | boolean | `false` | Pause autoplay when a dot is hovered |
| speed | integer (ms) | `300` | Slide animation speed in milliseconds | 
| timing | string | `ease` | Transition timing function <br> (`linear`/`ease`/`ease-in`/`ease-out`/`ease-in-out`) |

### Example

``` vue
<agile :arrows="false" :dots="false" :infinite="false">
    ...
</agile>
```

## Arrows

By default carousel contains SVG arrows. You can change them using CSS or `prevArrow` & `nextArrow` parameters. 

There are two important things:

1. You should put your SVG/HTML code in one line, without new line chars etc.
2. You should define arrows code as variables in `data()`.

### Example

``` vue
<agile :prevArrow="left" :nextArrow="right">
    ...
</agile>
```

```js
export default {
    data () {
        return {
            left: '<svg x="0px" y="0px" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M16.2,21c0.3,0,0.5-0.1,0.7-0.3c0.4-0.4,0.4-1,0-1.4L9.6,12L17,4.7c0.4-0.4,0.4-1,0-1.4c-0.4-0.4-1-0.4-1.4,0L6.8,12l8.8,8.7C15.7,20.9,16,21,16.2,21z"/></svg>',
            right: '<svg x="0px" y="0px" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M7.8,21c-0.3,0-0.5-0.1-0.7-0.3c-0.4-0.4-0.4-1,0-1.4l7.4-7.3L7,4.7c-0.4-0.4-0.4-1,0-1.4s1-0.4,1.4,0l8.8,8.7l-8.8,8.7C8.3,20.9,8,21,7.8,21z"/></svg>'
        }
    }
}
```

## SSR Support

The component uses browser specific attributes (like `window` and `document`). It is necessary, so probably the only option is to run vue-agile only on the client-side. It was tested on [nuxt v1.0.0-rc7](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt.js/releases/tag/v1.0.0-rc7) and works fine.
 
### Example
```js
// plugins/vue-agile.js

import Vue from 'vue'
import VueAgile from 'vue-agile'

Vue.component('agile', VueAgile)
```

```js
// nuxt.config.js

module.exports = {
    plugins: [
        { src: '~/plugins/vue-agile', ssr: false }
    ]
}
```

```vue
<no-ssr placeholder="Loading...">
    <agile>
        ... 
    </agile>
</no-ssr>
```

PS. If you know a better way to work the component with SSR please, [let me know about it](https://github.com/lukaszflorczak/vue-agile/issues).

## Contributing
```
# install dependencies
yarn install
 
# serve with hot reload at localhost:8080
yarn run dev
 
# create UMD bundle.
yarn run bundle
```
